Now, let's see how to do what is called as outlining, to
group sections in the quotation document.
We will do this to group company details and product details,
using the XSSFSheet classes groupRow method.
Once done, it will look like this.
That is,
the company details section will be one group, and the
product details section will be another group.
They can be hidden and expanded as required. To do outlining, go to
the generateQuotation method, type in sheet.groupRow, and to this
method, pass in the starting row index, which is 0,
and the ending row index,
which is 4, to group the company details section. Add sheet.groupRow, and
pass in 9 and 14, to group the product details section.
If you run, and open the Excel document,
you can see these black lines on the edge. You can expand and close them like this.